# COVID-19-Prediction-Using-Deep-Learning-Models
A Python web application is built by using Django, HTML, CSS, Python and Deep Learning models to predict the Covid 19 affected patients in earlier by screening the Chest X ray and CT scan of the patients, just by uploading the images in the web application.
The novel coronavirus disease of humans, COVID-19, is now thought to be the deadliest sickness it has ever produced. A limited number of COVID-19 test kits are accessible in hospitals because to a shortage of radiologists, and this is also accompanied by a shortage of equipment due to the daily increase in cases as a result of an increase in the number of COVID-19 infected individuals. To Overcome this Several convolutional neural network (CNN)-based techniques for computer-aided COVID-19 detection based on lung computed tomography (CT) scans and Chest X-ray Images (C-X-rays) have been developed as of late. Here in this proposed system we are using hybrid dataset to train the model, which contains both CT scan and Chest X-ray (CXR) images as in combination. However, the presentations of COVID-19 in CT scans and Chest X-Rays are classified into two classes Covid 19 and Normal. Chest X-rays and CT scans provide a different method for detecting Coronavirus early in the disease phase. Using VGG16 and CNN deep learning algorithms, the model identified characteristics from Chest X-ray images and CT scans and categorized them into two groups: Normal and COVID19. The model had trained with 1600 pictures of two classes to test their realism in practical settings. The traditional CNN model has an accuracy of 91.00% for detecting COVID19 cases, for the betterment of prediction it needs the improved CNN model. The proposed model has an highest accuracy of 96% when compared to the traditional CNN model.
